docs: new content-bucket page (#1417)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/community/styleguide/content-buckets.md

> ---

Reviewer: Please remove mentions of _"this area needs to be concise/accurate/etc"_ because those descriptors apply to all documentation, regardless of the content bucket.

title: Content Buckets
Description: This style guide explains how and why we use content buckets in documentation.
weight: 30
---

# Content Buckets
To structure our documentation, we adopt a systematic approach from the Diátaxis framework. We ensure our docs are presented in a manner that is easy to understand by organizing and classifying them into content buckets.

> ![Diátaxis framework](https://www.asyncapi.com/img/posts/changes-coming-docs/diataxis.webp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

I love adding this visual, but we shouldn't link to blog post images inside a docs page. Additionally, we should avoid adding assets to docs because they require extra maintenance, and we have yet to determine guidelines for where to store docs assets and how to ensure they stay up to date.

Since the info in this asset can easily be made into a mermaid diagram, please delete this image and instead add a mermaid diagram.

> Documentation structure based on the [Diátaxis framework](https://diataxis.fr/).

> At AsyncAPI our docs are classified into the following content buckets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At AsyncAPI, our docs are classified into the following content buckets:
```

> - **Concepts** - This section is where we define various features and capabilities AsyncAPI offers. All docs pages under this bucket need to be accurate, easy to understand and accompanied by an engineering diagram. We utilize [Mermaid.js](https://mermaid.js.org/) syntax to create diagrams and visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Concepts** - Defines various features and capabilities AsyncAPI offers, helping readers understand the core concepts underlying the AsyncAPI framework.
```

We use mermaid diagrams anywhere in the docs, and there is no specific rule that only concept pages must have them.

- **Tutorials** - Our tutorial section offers practical guidance to individuals who are beginners or new to AsyncAPI. Docs under this content bucket need to be hands-on and provide step-by-step guidance using real-world examples. The docs should be engaging and interactive to help users develop the required knowledge.

> - **Guides** - The guides section teaches individuals about higher-level AsyncAPI features. Content under this bucket helps users gain a deeper understanding and provide different ways to solve a problem. The tone should be concise. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Guides** - The guides section teaches individuals how to troubleshoot AsyncAPI issues at a high level. Content under this bucket helps users gain a deeper understanding and provide different ways to solve a problem. The tone should be concise. 
```

>   *You can think of guides as a recipe for cooking a meal.* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A recipe is more similar to a **tutorial** which uses step-by-step instructions. 

That said, this feels superfluous, so I would delete it.
